Hello everyone and welcome to javascript level to so far we've only really covered the basics of javascript
and now it's time to expand our understanding by learning a little more about advanced material.
And in this section we're going to be covering three main topics functions arrays and objects.
Functions are going to allow us to reuse or code arrays or a data structure that will allow us to store
data sequentially and then we'll learn about objects which will allow us to store data with key value
pairs.
Three really important topics.
And we'll also have exercises for each of these topics for plenty of practice by just learning these
three additional topics we're really going to be able to expand our capabilities of javascript on the
front end.
OK.
I hope you're excited.
So let's get started.
I'll see at the next lecture.